George Ngugi Screening Interview Prep
================
2023-02-16

## About InSupply Health Ltd.

InSupply Health is an East African health advisory firm company that
designs people-centered, scalable and sustainable supply chain
solutions. It focuses on optimizing data visibility and use, workforce
development, and continuous performance improvement. It aims to
transition short term supply chain fixes into sustainable solutions that
transcend specific projects or funding streams. Additionally, the
company helps local and regional supply chain actors improve the
performance and efficiency of their supply chains and health systems
towards better health outcomes.

The company is headquartered in Nairobi and has an office in Dar es
Salaam. The company is associated with JSI Research and Training
Institute, Inc.

InSupply Health works and partners with MoH in both Kenya and Tanzania
to offer an opportunity to begin the stepwise approach of starting with
simple AI enhancements to the quantification process and building
towards more complex AI-enabled decision-making and
institutionalization.

## Vision

InSupply Health’s vision is for African communities to set priorities
and collaboratively design solutions for health challenges, shaping
their own healthy futures.

## Mission

To transform lives by co-creating innovative and sustainable solutions
in health.

## Core Values

- Global Perspectives, Localized. The company combines local and global
  perspectives with a vision for scale up.
- Empathy at the Core. The Company approaches complex problems with an
  open mind and excitement to learn.
- The process is innovation. Always searching for the most responsive
  and agile way to execute.
- Future-facing Solutions. The company is future-looking when building
  solutions and they believe that people, processes, and data are at the
  center of co-creating strong, lasting, locally owned supply chains.

## Leadership

- Yasmin Chandani - CEO
- Amos Chweya - Director, Regional Immunization Advisor
- Laura Nabwire - Practical Lead, Kenya
- Matiko Machagge - Practical Lead, Tanzania

## Tell me about yourself

I am a data-driven problem solver with a passion for using data and
machine learning techniques to tackle complex challenges. I have
experience working with programming languages such as R and SQL, as well
as with statistical analysis tools such as Microsoft Excel. In addition
to my technical skills, I am a hardworking and open-minded person who is
always eager to learn and grow. I’m excited about the opportunity to
apply my skills and knowledge to meaningful AI projects at InSupply
Health, and I’m confident that my skills and passion make me a strong
fit for this role.

## How do your values align with the values of InSupply Health.

When I was doing my initial research, I was really impressed by your
organization’s core values, particularly the focus on empathy,
innovation, future-facing solutions and combining global and local
perspectives. These are values I strongly believe in and try to embody
in my personal life. For example, I have always been committed to
understanding the needs and perspectives of others and using that
understanding to create more effective solutions. Not long time ago,
during my 4th year in college, I worked on a school research project
that required me to work with teams. I always made an effort to listen
to everyone’s input and ensure that everyone’s needs were taken into
account. In addition, I’m a firm believer in the power of innovation to
drive progress and make a positive impact. I have been learning data
science and machine learning techniques, which I believe will be useful
to help InSupply Health deploy a step-wise approach for integrating AI
into their systems and strengthen a data culture. I’m also excited about
the possibility of working with InSupply Health to develop future-facing
solutions that can make a difference in people’s lives.

## Describe a project you worked on to learn a new skill and how you went about to learn the new skill.

I recently decided to take on a personal project to learn how to conduct
text analysis. It was a new skill to me and I had always found it
challenging because of the structure of the data it uses. So I started
by taking an online course on DataCamp to learn the fundamentals of Text
Analysis in R. Once I finished the course, I wanted to put my newly
acquired skills to test. I searched for a real-world dataset that I
could use to practice these skills and decided to work with Google Play
Store Reviews Data. I defined the problem I wanted to solve, which was
to understand the sentiment of the reviews and identify the topics that
were most commonly discussed. I started by tidying and wrangling the
data to make it analysis-ready, which was a complex process. However, I
persisted and worked through the challenges I encountered. I then
conducted sentiment analysis and used topic modeling, specifically LDA
which is an unsupervised machine learning technique, to identify the
main topics discussed in the reviews. Through this project, I gained
practical experience with text analysis and developed my skills in
tidying and wrangling text data, conducting sentiment analysis, and
topic modeling. I also learning the value of persisting through
challenges and applying my newly learned skills into real-world
problems.

## How much would you want us to pay you?

To be honest, compensation has not been my focus so far. I am open to
discussing salary once I have a better understanding of the
responsibilities and expectations of the role, as well as the overall
compensation packages the company offers.

## Why are you interested in InSupply Health?

First, I appreciate the company’s emphasis on using data and technology
to drive insights and inform decision-making, which is an area I’m
particularly interested in. Additionally, I appreciate how the company’s
values emphasize empathy, innovation, and future-facing solutions which
I think are essential for driving meaningful change in the healthcare
Industry.

## What is something you value in a team?

I value collaboration and empathy in my team. I believe working together
in a way that is respectful, supportive, and inclusive is essential to
creating effective solutions to complex challenges . InSupply Health’s
focus on co-creating innovative and sustainable solutions in health
requires strong collaboration and empathy to truly understand and
respond to the needs of the people it serves. I’m excited to be a part
of a team that embodies these qualities.

## How do you like working With teams?

I really enjoy working with teams because I believe that collaboration
leads to more effective and innovative solutions, and that diverse
skills and perspectives are crucial for achieving success. I appreciate
the opportunity to learn from my team members and contribute my skills
and knowledge to achieve our goals.

## What makes you stand out from other candidates for this internship?

As a high-motivated and enthusiastic individual, I bring a unique set of
technical skills and strong problem solving abilities to this role.
First, my educational background in statistics and personal experience
in data analytics has equipped me with knowledge and understanding of
statistical concepts and tools Excel, R and SQL. Second my passion for
continuous learning and ability to quickly adopt new technologies set me
apart from others. Additionally, my willingness to take initiative and
pursue projects that I’m passionate about showcases my strong work ethic
and determination to succeed. These qualities along with my strong
teamwork skills, make me a valuable asset to any team.
